Welcome to Gathering Greenwood,
a digital map and timeline
of the Greenwood neighborhood
presented by the Greenwood Cultural Center.
This is the first program of its kind
and will allow the user to locate buildings
and building types as well as the people
who lived in those buildings in Greenwood from 1910 and 1920.
Thousands of census and public records
have been digitized in order
to bring you this information
and more will be added as the project continues.
From the home screen, click
explore the map to view a map of Greenwood.
The streets and buildings
you will see are from before
the 1921 Tulsa race massacre.
We have included a few landmarks
on the map for you to explore.
Click the points on the map to bring up details
of that location.0
The timeline at the bottom of the screen
will allow you to switch
between the 1910 and 1920 map of Greenwood.
Clicking on a map location will show you
the details of that location.
You can find names listed in a particular building.
Remember that during these decades
it was common for people to live in hotels
or in rooming houses with multiple families.
Click the search button to search for a name
or an address.0
The gathering Greenwood database
includes census records from the 1910
and 1920 US Census for Tulsa County.
The search results screen
will show you the names, buildings
and any public documents
there are included in the database.
If you get a message that there are no results
found, click the search button to try again
with a different name or variation of that name.
From the search results box,
you can click a result to see details
or click on the map
to see the location of that result.
From the home screen,
click the button
for feedback to enter your name & phone number
You will receive a text message with a short
five minute survey for us to know how we can continue
to make improvements
and make your experience with Gathering Greenwood better.